well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so here we are they have responded
and it is important to note that they
responded they didn't react this was
calculated they took their time they did
it when they wanted to at a time of
their choosing they're ready for a
reaction which is what they'll get so
where do we go from here
what are the paths forward for the
United States there's not many and none
of them are good go ahead and get that
out away if you're the president of the
United the United States right now you
don't want to have your closest advisors
your best informed people at your side
to give you the information you don't
have and that you don't even know you
don't have with the country that we're
dealing with the straits of hormuz are
going to be really important as this
progresses so you're going to want to go
ahead and call in the Secretary of the
Navy the problem is you've got such an
ego that you don't have one like I
calling the director National
Intelligence you need him do you don't
have one Homeland Security Secretary you
don't have one normally in a conflict
scenario you want continuity of command
you hear it when you're talking about
another country and the new this is
babbling on about u.s. warplanes we're
gonna take out command and control it's
really important we don't have one it's
lacking sorely nobody knows what's going
on nobody knows what to do because the
President of the United States as said
it before doesn't have a plan mister I
don't need an exit strategy well you do
now you do now well I guess you don't
you'll be safe in DC they do the fact
that they responded is really important
that can't be overstated they chose this
time they're ready for the reaction
they're ready for what's to come this
was them saying they are ready to go to
war this wasn't a minor thing the fact
that it was conventional forces on
conventional forces is saying bring it
and right now on Twitter on Facebook
there's all of these people oh yeah it's
time Iran is in trouble we gotta go it's
go time posting memes of the Avengers
yeah I've heard all this before when we
were gonna leave Iraq in a year we're
still there heard it in Afghanistan
we're still there
they are not go to people they are not
stupid you're underestimated their
doctrine is based on insurgency or we
can respond you know we can do a
proportional response but that's it
that's that's that's the limit of what
we can do in any logical sense anything
being on that if we step it up a notch
at all it's going to go into a
full-scale war and we will be on the
ground in Iran nobody wants that and
here's the problem with the proportional
response the tit for tat back-and-forth
eventually what happens pilot gets shot
down
now you have an American soldier in Iran
this needs to deescalate now the
President of the United States needs to
understand that this isn't the business
world it's not about branding this is
real life and real death
our options are to go ahead and continue
back and forth with the tit-for-tat we
can do that eventually it will spiral
out of control that is option one option
two is to literally go nuclear which is
horrible it's going to turn the entire
world against us and I mean that that's
really it
our influence all over the world is over
we can invade go full-scale and be there
for a quarter of a century and still
lose or we can do a limited response to
show that you know we can't be messed
with a token response and withdrawal
from Iraq because it's over it is over
the United States could not pacify Iraq
to the point where could leave without
other nation states involved now you
have them iran's just the first there
will be more the president of the united
states has wasted more than a decade and
a half of american foreign policy a
decade and a half of american lives and
as we keep saying that America versus
Iran that's the cool twitter hashtag
it's not that's not accurate
it's just those people over there it's
not all of us and it's not just US
troops those same installations there
were British troops there there were
Aussie troops caught in the middle of it
they're suffering because we elected an
idiot
this isn't the business world it's not
about branding and putting a veneer on
things here somebody will call your
bluff and it's just happened the options
and the things that the President of the
United States said he was going to do he
can't realistically do not without
plunging the United States into a war
that will last 25 years and not have a
positive outcome this isn't going to be
a conventional fight they chose to start
it in a conventional manner to prove a
point because right now in their eyes
they have the moral authority and in
most of the world's eyes they probably
do if this was any nation other than
Iran they're not going to get the
support than any other nation would
because it isn't odd because there's 40
years of bad blood but this is what
Americans need to understand they've
been on our hit list since 79 right why
do you think we never acted because it's
a bad idea now to the Troops I know you
guys you're ready to go and I understand
I really do half a league half a league
half a league onward right it's not
yours the reason why I get it
don't use your position don't use your
uniform to support this any more than
you have to and I know you're gonna have
to on some levels and it has nothing to
do with you because at this point a kid
who isn't born yet
will be wearing that uniform 20 years
from now in the same place
anyway it's just a thought y'all try to
have a good night